What we do?


1.365 Days
Free Support
XChop has never failed in satisfying their customers. Most of the queries and issues can be resolved over a call. Now, get 365 days Free Support for your various requirements. One can make the most out of a reliable service provider.



2.High Quality
Markup
We implement 100% hand coded, semantic coding techniques to help the site become search engine friendly. Our expert HTML coders work with the right know-how to deliver clean and bug free codes ensuring smooth browsing.

3.100% Satisfaction Guarantee
XChop’s expertise and experienced team of professionals will make sure that all your PSD conversion requirements are fulfilled without any issue. All the customers will be left contended and 100% satisfaction is guaranteed with the final results. We will not let you down.

4.Browser
Compatibility
Our designed websites are cross-browser compatible and we make sure their functions and attributes are similar & highly fascinating. We don't want your target audience to feel disarrayed when opening the same website on a different browser

5.Money Back Guarantee
Client satisfaction is our topmost priority; therefore, we believe in refunding 100% money in the case clients do not get results as expected.

6.Dedicated Project Manager
To get your work done on time and without any queries, all the customers will be provided with a dedicated project manager. XChop guarantees you with exceptional service and a dedicated project manager will assure that you get the best services from us.

7.Responsive Design
Convert PSD to HTML after responsive testing across multiple devices. We also involve the use of responsive frameworks like Bootstrap to accommodate clients’ needs. All the converted codes are tested before delivery.


8.SEO Semantic Coding
SEO Semantic Coding helps your website to be presented to search engines in the best way possible. With time, an improved coding language was introduced so that the PSD to XHTML conversion could be done in best way with SEO Semantic coding.

9. w3 validated
W3C validation plays a very crucial role when it's time to develop a site as these codes define the true level of quality of our services. Besides correcting errors, it improves the loading time and page ranking in search engines.

10.Low Pricing
You’re probably wondering how we keep our prices so cheap, or why. It’s simple… we like to keep it fair. We aren't going to nickel and dime you for every little option, or charge you $20 extra for the feature that takes us a matter of minutes to create.

11.Amazing Team
At CodeMyConcept we only hire amazing people. Our Customer Service guys are extremely happy folks, our coders love writing perfect markup, and when you work with us, you’ll be working with a truly dedicated team.

12.Communication
We’ll keep you updated throughout the entire process. Need to talk on the phone? No problem! Want some instant live chat support? We have that too! Need to send over an urgent email, we've got you covered.


13.Insanely Fast
Yep, our turnaround times are freakin' fast, and realistic too! We know your projects have a deadline, and we are here to help you meet it. We take pride in keeping our promises; and when we give you a deadline, you can be sure that your project will be done on time. And for those HTML5 projects that need to be done in a hurry, we have rush turnarounds available that only cost a few bucks extra.



14.People Who Actually Care
We know this business, and we understand how much you care about your project. We also know how hard it is to find good people who care just as much as you do about your work. However, the good news is, your search is over. We’re genuinely committed to your project, your deadline, your designs, and of course your budget. We would love to be an addition to your team – you can trust us.


